Fix management API document format. (#637)
awslabs/mxnet-model-server: docs/management_api.md

### Register a model

`POST /models`

> * model_url - Model archive download url. support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* model_url - Model archive download url. Supports the following locations:
```

>     * local model archive (.mar), the file must be directly in model_store folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * a local model archive (.mar); the file must be directly in model_store folder.
```

>     * local model directory, the directory must be directly in model_store foler. This option can avoid MMS extracting .mar file to temporary folder, which will improve load time and reduce disk space usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * a local model directory; the directory must be directly in model_store folder. This option can avoid MMS extracting .mar file to temporary folder, which will improve load time and reduce disk space usage.
```

>     * HTTP(s) protocol. MMS can download .mar files from internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * a URI using the HTTP(s) protocol. MMS can download .mar files from the Internet.
```

> * model_name - Name of the model. This name will be used as {model_name} in other API as path. If this parameter is not present, modelName in MANIFEST.json will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* model_name - the name of the model; this name will be used as {model_name} in other API as path. If this parameter is not present, modelName in MANIFEST.json will be used.
```
I'm not sure what this part means: "be used as {model_name} in other API as path"

Author: The model_name will be part of url in other API, e.g. scale workers: PUT /models/{model_name}

> * handler - Inference handler entry-point. This value will override handler in MANIFEST.json if present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* handler - the inference handler entry-point. This value will override `handler` in MANIFEST.json if present.
```

Reviewer: The phrase "inference handler entry-point" isn't really clear. Is this `predictions`?

Author: the handler referring to custom service code, in the past user has to extends from MXNetBaseService.py, now it can be arbitrary python function. This function is the custom service code's entry-point.

> * runtime - Runtime for the model custom service code. This value will override runtime in MANIFEST.json if present. Default PYTHON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* runtime - the runtime for the model custom service code. This value will override runtime in MANIFEST.json if present. The default value is `PYTHON`.
```

> * batch_size - Inference batch size, default: 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* batch_size - the inference batch size. The default value is `1`.
```

> * max_batch_delay - Maximum delay for batch aggregation, default: 100 millisecnonds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* max_batch_delay - the maximum delay for batch aggregation. The default value is 100 milliseconds.
```
If this isn't explained in more detail elsewhere, it should be here...

> * initial_worker - Number of initial workers to create, default: 0.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* initial_worker - the number of initial workers to create. The default value is `0`. MMS will not run inference until there is at least one work assigned.
```

> * synchronous - Decides whether creation of worker synchronous or not, default: false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* synchronous - whether or not the creation of worker is synchronous. The default value is false. MMS will create new workers without waiting for acknowledgement that the previous worker is online.
```

### Scale workers

`PUT /models/{model_name}`

> * min_worker - optional minimum number of worker processes. MMS will trying maintain min_worker of workers for specified model, default 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* min_worker - (optional) the minimum number of worker processes. MMS will try to maintain this minimum for specified model. The default value is `1`.
```
I would prefer `min_workers`.

Reviewer: How do initial worker and min_worker interact?

Author: both min_worker and max_worker will be set to initial_worker during registration. User can change it using scale API.

> * max_worker - optional maximum number of worker processes. MMS will make no more than max_worker of workers for specified model, default to min_worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* max_worker - (optional) the maximum number of worker processes. MMS will make no more that this number of workers for the specified model. The default is the same as the setting for `min_worker`.
```
I would prefer `max_workers`.

> * number_gpu - optional number of GPU worker processes to create, default 0. If number_pgu exceed, rest of workers will be running on CPU.

Reviewer: This would be more consistent with other params if it were `gpus` or `gpu_workers`.
```suggestion
* number_gpu - (optional) the number of GPU worker processes to create. The default value is `0`. If number_gpu exceeds the number of available GPUs, the rest of workers will run on CPU.
```

> * synchronous - Decides whether the call is synchronous or not, default: false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* synchronous - whether or not the call is synchronous. The default value is `false`.
```
Can you post multiple models' settings at once?

> * timeout - Waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for a worker to complete all pending requests. Use 0 to terminate backend worker process immediately. Use -1 for wait infinitely.", default -1. **Note**, not implemented yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* timeout - the specified wait time for a worker to complete all pending requests. If exceeded, the work process will be terminated. Use `0` to terminate the backend worker process immediately. Use `-1` to wait infinitely. The default value is `-1`. 
**Note:** not implemented yet.
```

> User can use scale worker API to dynamically adjust number of workers to better serve different inference request load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Scale Worker API to dynamically adjust the number of workers to better serve different inference request loads.
```

### Describe modle

`GET /models/{model_name}`

> User can use describe model API to get detail runtime status of a model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Describe Model API to get detail runtime status of a model:
```

Reviewer: Fix the heading too (spelling of model)

> ### Describe modle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Describe model
```

Author: fixed

### Unregister a model

`DELETE /models/{model_name}`

> User can unregister a model to free up system resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Unregister Model API to free up system resources:
```

### List models

`GET /models`

> * limit - optional integer query parameter to specify the maximum number of items to return. Default is 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* limit - (optional) the maximum number of items to return. It is passed as a query parameter. The default value is `100`.
```

> * next_page_token - optional query parameter to query for next page, this value was return by earlier API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* next_page_token - (optional) queries for next page. It is passed as a query parameter. This value is return by a previous API call.
```

> User can use this API to query current registered models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Models API to query current registered models:
```

## API Description

`OPTIONS /`

> To view a full list of inference and management API, you can use following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a full list of inference and management APIs, you can use following command:
```

```bash

> # To view all inference API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To view all inference APIs:
```

curl -X OPTIONS http://localhost:8080

> # To view all management API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To view all management APIs:
```

curl -X OPTIONS http://localhost:8081
```

The out is OpenAPI 3.0.1 json format. You use it to generate client code, see [swagger codegen](https://swagger.io/swagger-codegen/) for detail.

> See example output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example outputs of the Inference and Management APIs:
```
